---
description: Disneyland?!
---

# 🎢 Cryptoland

### <mark style="color:red;">Importance for everyone</mark>

Since we are planning to develop a large number of projects within our ecosystem, it becomes obvious that if all of them are somehow connected with KLYNTAR, then the use of various kinds of cryptographic primitives is expected. In order to separate cryptographic capabilities from specific implementations of KLYNTAR modules (for example, for workflow symbiotes or as part of service workflows), we decided to create a separate convenient repository where we collected various kinds of algorithms - from ordinary signatures to ring and multi-signatures. From post-quantum key exchange algorithms to post-quantum signatures (mostly current NIST candidates 1-5 security levels). In short, you can explore the repository yourself. It is also worth mentioning that the production version of the KLYNTAR core uses different languages ​​- from the main JS to individual components in WASM, Go, C and Rust. Thus, we seem to suggest to developers that they can publish various kinds of solutions in any language that they know and can offer some interesting and useful innovation for KLYNTAR or other projects. In any case, it will be possible to use them by compiling to WASM, using addons, libraries, and so on. The purpose of creating this repository is also to give both KLYNTAR developers and just third-party developers for their projects the opportunity to quickly "join" the essence of the algorithm in order to come up with potential use cases. We also expect from developers a simple and understandable API for working with the algorithm and potential suggestions on how to embed them in the project. It can also be added that during the development of KLYNTAR we ourselves encountered problems with the lack of intelligible formulations. For example, as mentioned earlier, many of the algorithms are taken from the repositories of well-known companies (such as Coinbase, Google, Cloudflare) which probably have cryptographers working at their headquarters, or at least people who understand the base well. But nevertheless, it was not always easy to port, for example, Go code to C or from C to Node.js addons - somewhere there were problems with serialization, somewhere with a bad description. It seems that there is a code, it seems to work, but there is no API for quick use - not everyone knows how to write a normal README.
